---
layout: sample
title: This Is A Sample
---

#The Page Title

A paragraph is simply one or more consecutive **lines of text**, separated by one or more *blank lines*. (A blank line is any line that looks like a blank line — a line containing nothing but [spaces or tabs](http://manual.macromates.com/en/working_with_text#using_spaces_instead_of_tabs) is considered blank.) Normal paragraphs should not be indented with spaces or tabs.

## Lists (a second level header)

Lists are simple way to display ordered or unordered content. Applying classes to lists modifies their styling.

###Unordered Lists (a third level header)

* This is a list item
* Another item on a list
* Items have no specific order

###Ordered Lists

1. This is a list item
2. Another item on a list
3. These items only make sense in order

###Index Lists

At the top of a document you might want to link to other articles or to specific regions on the current page. To add special styling for these kind of lists you add an index `class`.

{: .index}
* This is a list item
* [This list item points to another article](#)
* [This list item points to a region on a page](#)

##Code Samples

Sometimes you want to display snippets of code. You can also modify the look of code snippets depending on their nature.

###Default Code Samples

    #sample code
    def foo
      bar
    end

###Terminal Code Samples

    $ git push heroku master
    ----> Heroku receiving push
    ----> Rails app detected
    ----> Leaunching ..... done
          http://sushi.heroku.com deployed

##Quotes

Sometimes you will want to quote someone or show a partial of an article. Wouldn't it be neat to have a style for this? Here you go.

> Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.


##Definition Lists

If you would like to display terms and associated definitions a so called *Definition List* is what you need.


###Default Definition List

Taking It Easy
: This is probably the best definition ever.

###Keyword Definition List

{: .keys }
Keyword
: A description with a [link](#), it's the future.
